.TH OPENLIEROX 6 "Version 1.0" Openlierox GAMES

.nf

.fi

.SH NAME

openlierox - real-time, excessive clone of Worms with network support.

.SH DESCRIPTION

OpenLieroX is based on Jason Boettcher's famous Liero Xtreme.
Jason B. has released his work in 2006 under the zlib-licence
and after some months of work, we ported and enhanced his work
and got OpenLieroX.

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B openlierox
.I [options]

.SH OPTIONS

OpenLieroX reads all the configuration options from a configuration
file at startup but you can override from command line a few of the
options:
.TP
.B -help
Show commandline help.
.TP
.B -opengl
Use OpenGL for drawing.
.TP
.B -noopengl
Explicitly disable using OpenGL.
.TP
.B -fullscreen
Run the game in fullscreen mode.
.TP
.B -window
Run the game in windowed mode.
.TP
.B -nosound
Disable sound output.
.TP
.B -nojoystick
Disable joystick detection.
.TP
.B -dedicated
Enable dedicated mode - no graphics or sound initialized, OpenLieroX runs as standalone console process.
The file 'scripts/dedicated_control' is executed by OpenLieroX - this file is CGI-like script which operates the OpenLieroX server.
It is located in default directory '/usr/share/games/OpenLieroX' , but may be overridden by user as '~/.OpenLieroX/scripts/dedicated_control'.
.TP
.B -exec COMMAND
Executes a command inside game console after starting openlierox. Several -exec statements may be specified.
.TP
.B -connect SERVER-ADDRESS
Start a game client and immediately connect to the specified server.
.PP
Configuration file name is '~/.OpenLieroX/cfg/options.cfg'.

.SH LICENCE

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms specified in the GNU Public Licence (GPL).

.SH WARRANTY

None.

.SH COPYRIGHT AND CREDITS

.TP
.B Joosa Riekkinen
Author of original Liero for DOS.
.TP
.B Jason Boettcher
Author of Liero Xtreme.
.TP
.B Bram Ueffing
Project ex-admin.
.TP
.B Albert Zeyer, Karel Petranek, Sergii Pylypenko
Current OpenLieroX developers.
.TP
.B Martin Griffin, Daniel Sjoholm
Inactive OpenLieroX developers.
.TP
.B Michal Futer ( [RIP]Raziel )
GUI frontend designer.
.TP
.B http://openlierox.net/
The OpenLieroX homepage.
.PP
And many others for comments, bug reports and ideas.
